README.md, before:

# ZionetFinalProject 

## About:
This project was developed as a final project for a 2-week course at Zionet Company. The main objective of the project is to create a system where users can sign up to receive news tailored to their interests. The system provides the most interesting and relevant news in the fields the users are interested in.

In this project, I have utilized various technologies.

## How to Run the Project:
To run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Navigate to the root folder, ZionetFinalProject.

3. Run the following command in your command prompt:
```bash
docker-compose up
```
4. Wait for about 2 minutes for the integration tests to run. The tests will check the endpoints of the NewsApp. You should see in the test-runner container that 10 tests have passed. There are 12 tests in total, but 2 have been commented out to prevent blocking of the free email service used in this project.

5. After running the docker-compose up command, you can access the Swagger documentation of NewsApp by visiting [localhost:3001\api-docs](http://localhost:3001/api-docs). Here, you can test the project as you wish.


# Technologies Used:
## Common Technologies Across Multiple Services:
body-parser: Middleware for parsing incoming request bodies in a middleware before your handlers.

cors: Middleware for enabling CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing).

dotenv: Module for loading environment variables from a .env file.

express: Web framework for Node.js.

pino, pino-multi-stream, pino-pretty: Logging libraries.

swagger-ui-express: Middleware for serving auto-generated Swagger API docs.

## Service-Specific Technologies
### Email Service:

nodemailer: Module for sending emails.

### NewsAI Service:

@google/generative-ai: Google Generative AI library.

### NewsApp Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

node-cron: Cron jobs for Node.js.

jest: Testing framework.

### Test-Runner Service:

chai: Assertion library for Node.js.

chai-http: Plugin for testing HTTP services.

mocha: Test framework.

### User Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

mongoose: MongoDB object modeling tool.

### UserAccessor Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

mongoose: MongoDB object modeling tool.


# What next:
In this project, you will notice that some loggers and middleware are repeated across different services. In the future, these common components will be moved to an npm package that I will upload, allowing each server to utilize it. For now, I have chosen to implement them separately within each service to adhere to the concept of service autonomy. This approach aligns with the principle we learned during the course: it's acceptable to have some code repetition, such as with middleware, to maintain service independence and avoid tight coupling between services.

Commit message:

final upload before sending the code

README.md, after:

# ZionetFinalProject 

## About:
This project was developed as a final project for a 2-week course at Zionet Company. The main objective of the project is to create a system where users can sign up to receive news tailored to their interests. The system provides the most interesting and relevant news in the fields the users are interested in.

In this project, I have utilized various technologies.

##### Note:
The .env files are intentionally included in the Git repository for this project. This is necessary to ensure that the project can be properly checked and verified.

## How to Run the Project:
To run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Navigate to the root folder, ZionetFinalProject.

3. Run the following command in your command prompt:
```bash
docker-compose up
```
4. Wait for about 2 minutes for the integration tests to run. The tests will check the endpoints of the NewsApp. You should see in the test-runner container that 10 tests have passed. There are 12 tests in total, but 2 have been commented out to prevent blocking of the free email service used in this project.

5. Please allow all services and containers to fully start before sending any requests to the server via Swagger or other methods. This ensures all dependencies are up and running smoothly.

6. After running the docker-compose up command, you can access the Swagger documentation of NewsApp by visiting [localhost:3001\api-docs](http://localhost:3001/api-docs). Here, you can test the project as you wish.


# Technologies Used:
## Common Technologies Across Multiple Services:
body-parser: Middleware for parsing incoming request bodies in a middleware before your handlers.

cors: Middleware for enabling CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing).

dotenv: Module for loading environment variables from a .env file.

express: Web framework for Node.js.

pino, pino-multi-stream, pino-pretty: Logging libraries.

swagger-ui-express: Middleware for serving auto-generated Swagger API docs.

## Service-Specific Technologies
### Email Service:

nodemailer: Module for sending emails.

### NewsAI Service:

@google/generative-ai: Google Generative AI library.

### NewsApp Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

node-cron: Cron jobs for Node.js.

jest: Testing framework.

### Test-Runner Service:

chai: Assertion library for Node.js.

chai-http: Plugin for testing HTTP services.

mocha: Test framework.

### User Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

mongoose: MongoDB object modeling tool.

### UserAccessor Service:

@dapr/dapr: Dapr SDK for Node.js.

mongoose: MongoDB object modeling tool.


# What next:
In this project, you will notice that some loggers and middleware are repeated across different services. In the future, these common components will be moved to an npm package that I will upload, allowing each server to utilize it. For now, I have chosen to implement them separately within each service to adhere to the concept of service autonomy. This approach aligns with the principle we learned during the course: it's acceptable to have some code repetition, such as with middleware, to maintain service independence and avoid tight coupling between services.
